hello everyone welcome to my channel
again so some of you may already know
Rachel Hinkle my friend who did snow
white with me at Disney is coming back
to visit in orlando this fall in october
and we want to do confessions of a
retired disney princess part to them so
we need your help we want ideas what
questions did we not answer in part 1
what did we fail to give you that you
want so that we can make this one even
better somebody on Instagram told me
that Rachel and I should do more another
reenactment of where we were doing Snow
White and Princess Jasmine they thought
that would be fun I thought that would
be kind of cool too I kind of feel silly
because we're not in our early 20s
anymore I remember teenage girls coming
up to me I was like 20 you know early
20s 22 23 when I was doing the character
and 16 year old girls would come up to
me and would you know while I was
Princess Jasmine at the park and they
would be like I feel really stupid
coming up to you and getting an
autograph and picture with you and they
would just feel so embarrassed and then
I would feel a little embarrassed
because I would be like one of the 20
something year old who's like dressed up
like the character at least you're just
a guest like whatever it was all in good
fun so you know when you're at Disney
and when anything's Disney related you
can get away with stuff in that park you
can wear like crazy ears and like crazy
shirts and nobody will judge you because
you're in Disney World and you can get
away with anything in Disney World you
can be that 50 year old and act like a
two-year-old within reason you know
suggestions ideas I'll leave the
comments open so that you can give give
suggestions for what you want to see in
part 2 so let let us know Rachel and I
are listening she's watching she's
reading the comments she wants to know
too
so do I we want this one to be better
can can we top the first one we need
your help if I thank you guys so much
for watching the first one thank you
guys so much we we are really glad that
a lot of you guys really enjoyed it and
I hope that you'll enjoy the second one
even more